834 -  cleanup infra (#957)
Azure-Samples/modern-data-warehouse-dataops: e2e_samples/fabric_dataops_sample/README.md

## Cleaning up

> Cleanup involves cleaning up of below components:
> 
> - Azure resources.
> - Fabric resources.
> - Fabric ADLS Gen2 connection and its value from .env file.
> - Azure Key Vault purge.
> - Intermediate terraform files created during deployment process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have finished with the sample, you can delete the deployed resources by running the cleanup script.

The [cleanup script](./cleanup.sh) performs the following actions:

- Deletes all the deployed Azure and Fabric resources.
- Deletes Fabric connection to ADLS Gen2 storage.
- Resets corresponding `ADLS_GEN2_CONNECTION_ID` variable in the .env file.
- Ensures that the Azure Key Vault is purged.
- Removes intermediate Terraform files created during deployment process including state files.
```
